README.md, before:

# LyricLink  

## Description
Working in a group of four, we designed a simple web application built using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to search for song lyrics and display them along with a corresponding YouTube video. The application utilizes Bootstrap for styling and layout, as well as Font Awesome and Bootstrap Icons for additional icons. This is a project using Jquery, Bootstrap and two-server side Apis.  

## Installation
The web application does not require any installation and will run on most internet browsers. The web application is deployed at this link here and feel free to click and experience its magical works:https://kashfeeh.github.io/Group-16-project/.  
The Github repository is on this link: https://github.com/KashfeeH/Group-16-project.  

## Usage
To view a live version of this web appplication, please click on this link: https://kashfeeh.github.io/Group-16-project/.  
  
The Github repository can be found here: https://github.com/KashfeeH/Group-16-project.  

A screenshot of the LyricLink web applications in default mode:  
![A screenshot of the LyricLink web applications in default mode:](./images/screen%201.png)  
  
To search a required video, the user types into the 'Name of Artist' followed by a hyphen into the search box and 'Name of Song' box, then clicks on the 'See Video' button. This uses the YouTube API to fetch the result.  

To search the accompanying lyrics, the user needs to delete the hyphen out of the 'Name of Artist' search box, then clicks on the 'See Lyrics' button. This uses the Lyrics.OVH API to fetch the result.  

A screenshot of the LyricLink showing a searched video and the accompanying lyrics:  
![A screenshot of the LyricLink showing a searched video and the accompanying lyrics.](./images/Screenshot%202024-02-08%20113435.png)  
  
To search a required video, the user types into the 'Name of Artist' followed by a hyphen into the search box and 'Name of Song' box, then clicks on the 'See Video' button. This uses the YouTube API to fetch the result.  

To search the accompanying lyrics, the user needs to delete the hyphen out of the 'Name of Artist' search box, then clicks on the 'See Lyrics' button. This uses the Lyrics.OVH API to fetch the result. 

The user has the option to revisit previous searches by clicking on the 'Recent Search' buttons.  
  
A screenshot of the LyricLink showing how the user can access their recent searches:  
![A screenshot of the LyricLink showing a searched video and the accompanying lyrics.](./images/Screenshot%202024-02-08%20113515.png)  

## Credits  
This web application was created by Kashfee, Paul, Nadia, and Mike.  
The APIs utilised were the YouTube Data API and the Lyrics.OVH API.  
Other sources used for research and development were Bootstrap, JQuery CDN, Tim Eades (a fellow Bootcamp student who introduced us to Postman), plus various other online tutorials on how to use and implement APIs.  

## License  
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.  
  
## Features  
Search: Users can search for a song or artist using the search form.  
YouTube Video: A YouTube video related to the searched song or artist is displayed.  
Lyrics: The lyrics of the searched song are displayed.  
Recent Searches: The user can revisit previous searches.  
  
## Structure
index.html: Contains the structure and content of the web page, including the search form, YouTube video container, and lyrics container.  
style.css: Contains custom styles for the web page.  
script.js: Contains JavaScript code to handle form submission, fetch search results, and display YouTube video and lyrics.  
Bootstrap CSS and JS: Bootstrap framework for styling and layout.  
Font Awesome and Bootstrap Icons: Additional icons for styling purposes.  

## Dependencies
Bootstrap 5.3.0-alpha1  
Font Awesome  
Bootstrap Icons  
jQuery 3.6.0

Commit message:

corrected one line for recent searches in README

README.md, after:

# LyricLink  

## Description
Working in a group of four, we designed a simple web application built using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to search for song lyrics and display them along with a corresponding YouTube video. The application utilizes Bootstrap for styling and layout, as well as Font Awesome and Bootstrap Icons for additional icons. This is a project using Jquery, Bootstrap and two-server side Apis.  

## Installation
The web application does not require any installation and will run on most internet browsers. The web application is deployed at this link here and feel free to click and experience its magical works:https://kashfeeh.github.io/Group-16-project/.  
The Github repository is on this link: https://github.com/KashfeeH/Group-16-project.  

## Usage
To view a live version of this web appplication, please click on this link: https://kashfeeh.github.io/Group-16-project/.  
  
The Github repository can be found here: https://github.com/KashfeeH/Group-16-project.  

A screenshot of the LyricLink web applications in default mode:  
![A screenshot of the LyricLink web applications in default mode:](./images/screen%201.png)  
  
To search a required video, the user types into the 'Name of Artist' followed by a hyphen into the search box and 'Name of Song' box, then clicks on the 'See Video' button. This uses the YouTube API to fetch the result.  

To search the accompanying lyrics, the user needs to delete the hyphen out of the 'Name of Artist' search box, then clicks on the 'See Lyrics' button. This uses the Lyrics.OVH API to fetch the result.  

A screenshot of the LyricLink showing a searched video and the accompanying lyrics:  
![A screenshot of the LyricLink showing a searched video and the accompanying lyrics.](./images/Screenshot%202024-02-08%20113435.png)  
  
To search a required video, the user types into the 'Name of Artist' followed by a hyphen into the search box and 'Name of Song' box, then clicks on the 'See Video' button. This uses the YouTube API to fetch the result.  

To search the accompanying lyrics, the user needs to delete the hyphen out of the 'Name of Artist' search box, then clicks on the 'See Lyrics' button. This uses the Lyrics.OVH API to fetch the result. 

The user has the option to revisit previous searches by clicking on the 'Recent Search' buttons.  
  
A screenshot of the LyricLink showing how the user can access their recent searches:  
![A screenshot of the LyricLink showing how the user can access their recent searches:](./images/Screenshot%202024-02-08%20113515.png)  

## Credits  
This web application was created by Kashfee, Paul, Nadia, and Mike.  
The APIs utilised were the YouTube Data API and the Lyrics.OVH API.  
Other sources used for research and development were Bootstrap, JQuery CDN, Tim Eades (a fellow Bootcamp student who introduced us to Postman), plus various other online tutorials on how to use and implement APIs.  

## License  
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.  
  
## Features  
Search: Users can search for a song or artist using the search form.  
YouTube Video: A YouTube video related to the searched song or artist is displayed.  
Lyrics: The lyrics of the searched song are displayed.  
Recent Searches: The user can revisit previous searches.  
  
## Structure
index.html: Contains the structure and content of the web page, including the search form, YouTube video container, and lyrics container.  
style.css: Contains custom styles for the web page.  
script.js: Contains JavaScript code to handle form submission, fetch search results, and display YouTube video and lyrics.  
Bootstrap CSS and JS: Bootstrap framework for styling and layout.  
Font Awesome and Bootstrap Icons: Additional icons for styling purposes.  

## Dependencies
Bootstrap 5.3.0-alpha1  
Font Awesome  
Bootstrap Icons  
jQuery 3.6.0
